
Command - GOTO-PROJECT-DETAILS
This command should be executed whenever a user enters just a project name without any of the below information or ask for details or information or info or data of a project

Command - GOTO-RECCE 
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to see/navigate to the recce, recce report, survey, site survey for any project.

Command - GOTO-DESIGN
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to see/navigate to the design file made by designers for any project.

Command - GOTO-PROPOSAL-FOR-CLIENT
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to see/nagivate to the proposal or list of proposal made for a client for a project.

Command - GOTO-MY-ACTIVE-SCOPE
This command wiill be executed whenever a user wants to see/nagivate to scope active scope or my active scope or boq or bill of quantity or amount or project total for a project.

Command - GOTO-INCOMING-ORDER
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to see/nagivate incoming order or order for a project.
When user wants to go to orders then also this command should be executed.

Command - GOTO-PROPOSAL-FROM-VENDOR
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to see/navigate proposal from vendor. proposal from vendor is way where client receives proposal from vendor side.

Command - GOTO-OUTGOING-ORDER
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to see/navigate outgoing order or outgoing orders. Orders that are sent out to all your vendors for that project

Command - GOTO-VENDOR-WISE-SCOPE
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to see/navigate vendor wise scope, vendor scope. Multiple vendors working on a project will have a different scope of work assigned to themselves, that can be viewed here.

Command - GOTO-PROJECT-SCHEDULE
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to see/navigate project schdeule. A schedule of the project journey that is split item wise with targeted dates and a gantt chart view.

Command - GOTO-PROGRESS-UPDATE
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to see/navigate project update. An item wise update on all the items in the scope of the project that are measured on a progress bar.

Command - GOTO-PROGRESS-REPORT
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to see/navigate to the the progress report,DPR, Work Progress, Latest Daily Progress Report (DPR), Complete Daily Progress Report (DPR).
This command will also be executed when a user wants to see the work progress

Command - GOTO-VENDOR-WISE-PROGRESS
This command should be executed whenever a user want to see/navigate vendor wise progress. Multiple orders that were sent to multiple vendors, can be tracked here filtered out on a vendor basis.

Command - GOTO-SNAGS
This command should be executed whenever a user want to see/navigate snags, snag list, rectification list. Snags that have to be completed to ensure a 100% completion of the projects can be created and tracked here.

Command - CREATE-PROJECT
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to create/add a new project. If user intent is create but we don't know what he wants to create then also this command will be executed.

Command - CREATE-CUSTOM-ELEMENT
This command should be executed whenever a user want to create/add custom or item/element in active scope, scope.

Command - CREATE-VENDOR
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to create/add a new vendor in the platform.

Command - CREATE-RECCE
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to create/add recce in a project.

Command - CREATE-SNAG
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to create/report/add snags to a project.

Command - CREATE-PROPOSAL
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to create proposal.

Command - CREATE-INCOMING-ORDER
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to create incoming order.

Command - CREATE-OUTGOING-ORDER
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to create outgoing order.

Command - EXPORT-RECCE-REPORT
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to download/export/generate recce, recce,reports or reports generated on recce of a project.

Command - EXPORT-MY-SCOPE-ELEMENTS
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to download/export/generate scope element or my scope elements or anything releted to elements of a project

Command - EXPORT-SNAGS
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to download/export/generate Snags related to any project.

Command - EXPORT-ORDER-ELEMENTS
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to download/export/generate outgoing order elements of a project.

Command - EXPORT-DPR-LATEST
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to download/export/generate dpr, Latest Daily Progress Report (DPR) for any project.

Command - EXPORT-DPR-COMPLETE
This command should be executed whenever a user wants to download/export/generate complete dpr, Complete Daily Progress Report (DPR) for any project.

Command - NA
This command should be executed whenever none of the above commands match